Digital history was a foreign subject that comforts the idea of technological data collection and history together. I had plenty of data visualization experience in my past through tableau, datawrapper, and open refine; I was able to create stories that inference to answers answers and more questions. Similarily, digital history uses similar tools to present evidentce to historical events, culture, and overall civilization in the past.
<br /> <br />
The project allows us to discover and research historical finding through the different tools tought to us throughout the class. The diary I have selected is Ebenezer Storer between 1749-1784. Ebenezer was a graduate from Harvard University, as well as an ad eundem degree from Yale. His diary entry consists mostly of the death of his family as well as providing meditations on death and other spiritual matters. Drawing me to this diary is his poetry throughout the transcript and his realization for a spiritual world. 
<br /> <br />
The first thing I did was extract the JPEG files out of the diary archive using Wget. Using the HTML code under, "https://iiif.quartexcollections.com/congregationallibrary/iiif/def5f781-7b34-4650-a376-3d5ed2841046/manifest" I extracted each url for the jpeg file using python by only selecting items under "@id". After every jpg url was in a single text file; again using python, I opened each url automatically that directly opened the download link for each jpg, moving all the filed into the diary folder. With all the files in order, I combined the jpg's into a pdf file and OCR'd for the system to recognize the text. I finally exported the PDF into a text file that annotates each page automatically by the system.
<br /> <br />
